Well, very good friends of ours
decided they wanted
to go their own way and leave Jehovah.
And in the interim,
they became bad association for us.
We had many good times together.
We drove to isolated territory together;
we even visited a brother who was sick
in the hospital to encourage him.
I feel heartbroken
that they’re no longer serving Jehovah.
It’s really hard to lose a friend spiritually
—very hard.
I was about to enter into full-time service,
but I still needed reassurance.
I was raised by my mother as a Witness.
Even though I had
very little contact with my father,
he still tried to oppose
my spiritual progress.
I kept fighting for the truth,
and I got baptized when I was 11.
I guess I felt like I was doing OK.
And after high school, I went to university.
I had to make some changes
in my choice of entertainment.
We really never stop learning.
I do enjoy relaxing and watching television.
But I must admit
that it is more and more difficult
to find something decent to watch these days.
Well, I’m not saying
that I watch bad programs.
I would never do that,
but still I wonder
if what I watch
is spiritually healthy for me.
The way of thinking
I was exposed to in university
was pressuring me to find security in my life
through material things
—like having my own place to live
and economic stability.
But at what cost?
I remember that paragraph.
It said that Satan promotes making money
as the only way
you can find security in this world.
But one could sacrifice
so much to achieve it.
You could even lose
your friendship with Jehovah.
That article—it was just what we needed.
It described a watchman
who would protect the city
by sounding out an alarm on impending danger.
And at sounding that alarm,
he would shut the gates
to the city to protect the city.
And I needed to do that.
We both needed to do that.
It’s true.
And it’s not even a question.
Our loyalty to Jehovah comes first
—before we’re loyal
to any friends we have in this world.
The Watchtower  said
that storytelling
does more than entertain us.
In Bana, the city of Cameroon
where I was born,
mothers spend their evenings
with their children, telling them stories.
And even though I was young,
the stories my mother told me
continue to influence me even today.
So I said to myself: ‘Oh, no.
Wait a minute, Happy!
‘It means that the stories
that I watch on television
‘will also affect me sooner or later,
and the Devil knows that too.’
So I decided to completely cut out a number
of programs that I used to watch.
Now I’m serving in full-time service,
and I love it!
Jehovah is really taking care of me,
but I don’t want to forget
the beautiful principles
I’ve learned from that article.
I still have to safeguard my heart.
I want to give my best to my Father, Jehovah.
Not a day goes by where we don’t think
about these friends of ours.
And it’s certainly our hope
that they come back to Jehovah
and that we can serve Jehovah
together shoulder to shoulder.
But we’ve also learned
to keep our “little watchman” in check.
We need to make sure he does his job
to “sound the alarm” and “shut those gates.”
Hmm, we never stop learning.
Well, true, it’s easier said than done,
but it is up to us.
It’s so important to safeguard your heart!